#summary Instructions for loading and running the emulator.


Unzip the archive. You will find the following folders inside:

apps 
 * Contains Homebrew Channel ready files (see Homebrew Channel instructions below)
				
executables
 * Contains Gamecube / Wii DOL files (for loading from other methods)
				
fceu
 * Contains the directory structure required for storing roms and saves (see below)

= Directory Structure Setup =

By default, roms are loaded from "fceugx/roms/" and saves / preferences are 
stored in "fceugx/saves/".
Therefore you should have the following folder structure at the root
of your load device (SD/USB/SMB):

fceugx/roms/

fceugx/saves/

= ROMS, Preferences, and Saves =

== Wii ==

On the Wii, you can load roms from SD card (Front SD or SD Gecko), USB, DVD,
or SMB share. Note that if you are using the Homebrew Channel, to load from 
USB, DVD, or SMB you will first have to load FCEUGX from SD, and then set 
your load method preference. To load roms from a Windows network share (SMB) 
you will have to edit FCEUGX.xml on your SD card with your network settings, 
or edit fceuconfig.cpp from the source code and compile. If you edit and compile 
the source, you can use wiiload and the Homebrew Channel to load and play 
FCEUGX completely over the network, without needing an SD card.

== Gamecube ==

You can load roms from DVD or SD card. If you create a bootable 
DVD of FCEUGX you can put roms on the same DVD. You may save preferences and
game data to SD or Memory Card.

= Loading / Running the Emulator =

== Wii - Via Homebrew Channel ==

The most popular method of running homebrew on the Wii is through the Homebrew
Channel. If you already have the channel installed, just copy over the apps folder
included in the archive into the root of your SD card.

Remember to also create the fceugx directory structure required. See above.

If you haven't installed the Homebrew Channel yet, read about how to here:
http://hbc.hackmii.com/

== Gamecube ==

You can load FCEUGX via sdload and an SD card in slot A, or by streaming 
it to your Gamecube, or by booting a bootable DVD with FCEUGX on it. 
This document doesn't cover how to do any of that. You can find out how to run homebrew on your gamecube here: http://www.gc-linux.org/wiki/SDload

If this doesn't help you, check out the tehskeen forums: http://www.tehskeen.com/forums/